I don't think that ever will be a total
vegan I stress to eat less meat but not
to eat no meat good day dr. Khan Khan
Centre for cardiac longevity there is a
movement out there I'm just sharing with
you called the reduced Aryan movement
the reduced Aryan a bit of an awkward
word to say this is a book that recently
came out by Bryan Kate Minh well you can
safely take a deep sigh of relief
knowing that I am a carnivore just like
you even if we ourselves choose to eat
eggs and mean we know our planet is in
trouble and we know that meat production
from the clearing of land and trees to
the transportation of these products
accounts for nearly 20% of global
greenhouse gas emissions the raising
livestock is the creates 28% of our
greenhouse gases in the world so if you
endure any of that then it means a lot
to you to go can cut down because we
have to reduce our greenhouse gases
because we are killing 7 million people
a year because of our pollution that is
why a vegetarians footprint is nearly
half that of a meatlovers and for vegan
it's even lower and we also know that
meat production requires a lot of water
producing just one pound of meat protein
requires 10 times the amount of water as
producing one pound of grain protein
it's a lot of water and we also know
perhaps most morally salient that due to
factory farming that animals are not
treated very well they're not and they
are incredibly smart and experience pain
just like us I eat meat
much less than they ever did before
maybe two times a week meat I eat
chicken a fish much more fish products
than they ever did before and green I
mean a lot of vegetables and salads and
orders I think it's very healthy for our
party so I mean that you don't have to
be into that I just think that we all
should work together to reduce our
pollution because we kill less people
and I think this is a very important
issue about us yen so I said to you
conversationally the other day but I
wasn't I wasn't really joking around in
reference to reduce that arianism and
the core issues of veganism I said to
you you know you know Melissa I can
imagine a lot of different scenarios in
which I find out that you'd murdered
somebody and I'd be okay with it
Oh like you know Merrik murders a
serious crime but I can imagine a lot of
circumstances I've been in pretty crazy
circumstance myself where it's like wow
you know that's too bad
or like you know I even I chemistry but
wow I'm sure you regret doing that or
whatever or maybe not maybe the
situation is so extreme that it's like
yeah if you were in those situations if
they were that situation again you'd
kill him again and eat know what I mean
but I was like you know um you know it's
actually quite easy from aggen all kinds
of circumstances in which committing
actual murder of another human being is
something I would accept of course it's
not saying you approve of or celebrate
of course war itself
you know if you think war you don't
murder people sure you do you know but
you know by contrast you know what would
really be impossible for me to accept if
you decided you want to go back to
eating like hamburgers bought from you
know any of the fast-food restaurants
that that surrounds I can't okay yes
your airplane crash on a desert island
and
you know fine come up with ridiculous
ridiculous name you said the only way to
survive was eating out of McDonald's I
mean oh whatever it's ridiculous but you
know no I you know it's funny it's not
about it being worse than murder
this comes in a bunch of different
ethics it comes up in terms of the
reduce Italian thing with people trying
to make this argument for reduce Italian
a so-called pragmatic argument prettiest
Arianism that I don't find pragmatic at
all
it comes up in for example the
controversy we've just been seeing with
Joey carb strong where for whatever
reason I mean there are all kinds of
issues worth talking about in terms of
veganism terms what Joey carbon showing
has been doing and so on but what the
press has latched on to is exactly the
use of words like the use of the term
rape the use of the term murder the
semantics of whether or not vegans have
the right to use these words you know a
certainly seems just it's the least the
least worth discussing element of all
the the issues raised but but and you
know you know is it or is it not
offensive to allegorically refer to
these things as more but I've got to
tell you from my perspective again
whether it's you or again let's talk a
little
flipbook what do you think when my
daughter grows up how many times is she
gonna commit murder we don't know well
you don't know your own kids you know
but I can imagine of course they're
worse there are some circumstances in
which murder would be unforgivable and
I'd be shocked and you know I break up
with you or I'd you know I want to stop
talking about a daughter or something
I'm where it's so terrible and it's so
awful but I can imagine a lot of
circumstances have been through real
situations myself blah blah blah
anyone he's got a certain level of life
experience and political awareness and
what-have-you you know I mean you know
when push comes to shove you know some
people get shove and some people get
punished don't quote me on that
but it's it's awful but that's that's
the world we live in and yet this this
more of an ethical cause I
how is it possible that this is
applauded and this is treated seriously
as as pragmatism in the so the initial
speech I think the speech that really
did launch the so called reduce it Aryan
movement the justification given for
reduce at Arianism is simply the desire
to eat buffalo wings and cheese and eggs
so as we look into the eyes of this very
adorable baby pig we have to ask
ourselves why do over 90% of Americans
continue to eat meat bacon bacon is the
reason we need for many the mere smell
of bacon in the morning that crispy
crunchy texture that savory salty taste
they give us a reason to smile that
spicy buffalo egg that juicy steak they
are the reason we mean I find that I
find that so weak and in the Saint in
the same video in the same presentation
I can put in a clip of it you know he
acknowledges the weight of the ethical
argument he acknowledges the weight of
the the ecological and environmental
argument it's like well we know this is
the right thing to do but it would cause
us some discomfort you know and I'm
sorry
my girlfriend Melissa I think you've
seen all 900 videos on this channel
pretty pretty close to all my nervous so
you you look you ever this for me before
but you know again I don't know what
kind of life experience these people
have but like what if you have a brother
or a cousin who's a cocaine addict and
you've really got to make the argument
to them you've really got to say to them
like yeah I know you I know you love
coke I know you love the flavor put it
that way it's not of course is not the
flavor you know you love the effect this
drug as on you but I want you to take
seriously some sense of moral
responsibility just for being a better
human being just for being all you can
be
and quit using cocaine you know eating
chicken wings this kind of garbage
eating cheese on toast or something you
think it compares to cocaine and a four
generation just let's let's be real
mean addictive drugs recreational drugs
our whole generation ISM is in the
shadow of recreational drugs even if you
stayed clean you do someone like Donald
Trump enough do you know the split on
Trump Donald Trump his brother was an
alcoholic I don't know if you use other
drugs also many especially if you're a
millionaire and you're an alcoholic it's
easy to you know it's easy for alcohol
to be gatewood sure but you know Donald
Trump watched one of his older brothers
destroy his life with alcohol and then
Donald Trump result he would never even
try it and he claims he's never even
tasted up like he went his whole life
without ever using alcohol or ever using
any worse drug and in that sense I think
those of us who are or teetotalers
however you want to put it those of us
who totally refused to use drugs now
still our refusal is in the shadow of
that right still like both of us we were
talking with us with quests and stuff
we've grown up around so many people
whose lives have been destroyed or
distorted by drugs it's this is this
huge thing
so really I don't think it's a trivial
or ridiculous comparison to say if you
if you know this you know the ecological
and ethical argument you know the
imports of this and then you do you
refuse to take responsibility for own
actions you refuse to the right thing
just for the sake of I guess sensual
indulgence like to me it's debatable
whether or not deep fried chicken wings
taste good and I think it's like let's
use it that fills up like our chicken
wings were revolting or not I mean I
think even most meat eater you can
remember any [ __ ] like that right
chicken wings there are little bits of
did you know the seniors and crap the
skin it's pretty revolting what you're
putting in your body when I was a child
I found all that stuff revolting into
overwhelm that you know yeah right so
you know I never ate it and seeing the
bones on the plate afterwards the
awareness of the waist you know says but
but let me tell you something when you
snort cocaine off a plate there are no
bones left afterwards you know I mean
how how do you expect to live in a
society where people discipline
themselves that way to refuse you know
myriad drugs cocaine
is not the only hand I think Canada's
drug policy right I've seen of it so far
show was that but the Canadian
government doesn't expect people to
refuse drugs they act accordingly and
understand that people I mean it was a
striking difference compared to where we
were in China or anywhere in China I
didn't see drug addicts on the street in
China but I see drug addicts on the
street in Canada and I don't know like
what you know I don't know the answer
but like I know those really I know I
look on one hand I think it really does
kind of go back for me my response it
does kind of go back to Socrates and
Plato and you know the unexamined life
is not worth living and living a
meaningful life and these these kinds of
questions what not what is the meaning
of life but how do we live meaningful
lives and then coming up with answers
that really have force and meaning and
give us a sense of direction and purpose
there was a famous novel written in
Canada so it's especially famous in
Canada about world war one and the
novelist and interview said now is this
true or not that's something the
novelist said an interview that his he
decided to write the novel he took on
the whole direction novel when he
interviewed a very elderly veteran of
World War one and he asked him about
kind of what why did you guys do it kind
of thing like what more perfect timing
okay let's keep rolling we can edit this
actress I'm sorry can you can you just
tell me who is this that's calling so I
totally forget we're in this
conversation
do you remember so I have another
jumping-off point you know in the
produce to Tyrion video which has a
thing about half a million views which
is in some ways a hit video and in some
ways not like compared to anything on
Tanima shows to channel it's not that
big a deal but in YouTube sure but
they've got half of my views introducing
the concept of reduced arianism at a TED
talk and you know at one point he really
is ridiculing vegans well we've all had
that conversation before you're out to
dinner with a friend or a colleague and
you learn that the person you're with is
it
Egon you had no idea you're surprised
and while the person in front of you may
not look like this or like this your
perception of them has immediately
changed there is no going back to
whatever it was you thought of them
before this moment like I think it's
important to point that out you know he
shows a picture of a hippie he tries to
get a laugh the audience and this is
pointing the finger at being insane haha
laugh at the vegans I think it's really
important to point out gay rights went
through a phase like this I've mentioned
this at some point last 900 videos on
this channel but you know there was a
phase there was this famous TV show
called soap and there was this period
where laughing at gay stereotypes I mean
of course some people were uncomfortable
with of course some people were offended
by it but it was almost like a step
forward from no recognition at all to
people having a laugh about the fact
that least admitting openly that
homosexuality exists even if they're
ridiculing it but pretty quickly we move
past that pretty quickly we move past
that in every way and our culture is
saying no look you've got to recognize
you know these people come from a very
particular struggle that includes being
burned at the stake me oh I'm sorry but
the persecution of homosexuals
historically been a very real thing in
Muslim countries still today it's a
variable thing mostly being stoned or
executed being thrown off a building and
this kind of thing but you know yeah
this is a real and you know that we
still have you know refugees human
rights claims on the basis of being
homosexual one countries where
homosexuality is illegal still today in
2018 and you know in that sense it's not
a laughing matter of course we still
have stand-up comedy joking about gay
stereotypes of course there's also some
some room for that but you know it's
even worse when you're talking about
vegans when you're really cleaning is
because vegans are people who actively
have chosen this as an ethical position
as their attempt to to make the world a
better place whether it's more free
ecology or animal rights or ethics or
whatever combination or health whatever
but I mean the health crusade is a
crusade in its own way
to people who want to get rid of cancer
on heart attacks this is its own shred
of moral fiber
you know no doubt and this is what
you're doing is you're ridiculing these
people while presenting yourself as
offering a more pragmatic solution to
the same problems you know how can it be
pragmatic to not practice what you
preach I want to come back to you know
drugs alcohol cocaine etc you know
there's there's a lot of work here in
Victoria in Vancouver in being a drug
counselor you know you know offering
various kinds of social services for
people who are former drug addicts our
current drug addicts can you do that job
if you use cocaine yourself once a month
what about twice a month
what about once a week like is there a
position of being a moderate cocaine
addict counseling people who are out of
control cocaine addicts about how to be
moderate on a totally theoretical
physical assault level I think many
people could answer yes maybe if a
teenager is watching this it doesn't
have real-life experience with this
stuff
they might say yes milk maybe some
people say theoretically someone with
that kind of lifestyle someone using
cocaine once a month maybe they can
relate more to the addicts you know I
mean like maybe a better counsellor
because there's still a cocaine user you
know what I mean but I think you know in
the real world for a lot of different
reasons including this thing that you
know hypocrisy is real you know these
questions of who are we and who to
aspire to be you know it's it has real
gravitas I think you you can't you know
it's totally unacceptable to even use
cocaine once a month and be a drug
counselor you know helping addicts like
if you accept the position and many
people may not but then that's not a
good role fee that's not a good job for
you if you accept that the dogmatic
position it may just be dogmatic that
human beings should not use cocaine that
you know cocaine is not fit for human
beings put it that way then how can you
dabble in cocaine while preaching to
others too
with the drug I eat meat much less than
ever did before maybe two attempts a
week meet the raising livestock is the
creates 28 percent of our greenhouse
gases in the world that is why a
vegetarians footprint is nearly half
that of a meat lovers and for vegan it's
even lower well you can safely take a
deep sigh of relief knowing that I am a
carnivore just like you if you take the
position the worlds in a position of
ecological crisis this is immoral this
is unethical etc etc but you're still
going to do it a couple times a month
you know whatever the rate is yeah you
know I again it's not actually from a
philosophical position that you can't I
think a teenager or someone looking at
just theoretical mats Oh someone in that
position is even better able to preach
because they eat meat wants no you know
they thought it's like or something but
I think it's it's it's profoundly
incoherent it's a dead end in every way
and it's it's not like that it I mean a
lot of human behavior doesn't make sense
but you know a lot of people will eat
something decadent and say oh it's so
bad but it's so good and that for them
is thrilling or in some way devious
satisfying and I think cocaine even more
so but go on yeah yeah yeah I think a
lot of people that are reduce it Aryan
have this understanding that what
they're doing is wrong but right they
just pretend they can't help themselves
hurt or maybe they really can't help
themselves
you know we're too strong-willed people
yeah um remote people that have
completely quit alcohol any drugs Yeah
right any animal products and some
people I don't know I don't know cannon
can you really have that expectation for
every look let's let's I want to bring
this back to rape and murder which you
know is what got Joey carps drunk on
water we have one famous vegan Mike
Tyson Mike Tyson is a former heavyweight
Asian is a convicted rapist he was
convicted
raping one person once okay I assume
he's guilty I'm just gonna be honest
with you like you know III you know he
had his day in court he had a very good
lawyer it's not like he's a poor person
to defecate legal defense I assume that
he was convicted because he's guilty
nice guy Mike Tyson
interesting guy Phyllis off there it not
very well spoken but if you can
understand what he's saying I've had
some clips of him on this channel saying
some philosophically interesting things
and he's he's a real vegan you know he's
not a fake vegans real vegan now you
know of course it's terrible rape is a
serious crime he did his time in prison
and said he's a convicted rapist who
went to jail for it but evaluating the
moral character of someone like that is
totally different from someone who is
committing rape whenever they feel like
it or a couple of times a month or even
if they don't if that's just their
attitude is that whatever they feel like
it you know no getting murder I don't
know how many times anyone commits
murder in a lifetime now I ganas I can't
come up with an example parallel offhand
but again I can imagine if it's my own
girlfriend or my own daughter or one of
my own brothers I have so many brothers
probably one of them has committed
murder and just never told me I wish I
was joking but I'm not you know I mean
um you know people get themselves into
situations where they end up killing
someone to get out of it or whatever the
story is you know life is full of
desperate unforeseen circumstances and
you know of course it's bad and it's
awful and it's tragic and you know but
the contrast between that the attitude
of doing something you know is unethical
you know is immoral and that you
actively preach is immoral but doing it
whenever you feel like it because it it
feels good it's funny because as I say
these people are getting at you a carb
strong like well how dare you call this
murder how dare you call this rape there
is a sense in which I've got to say
eating a hamburger at eating a hamburger
whatever you feel like it is really
worse from my perspective I can't I
can't sympathize at all you know out of
out of weakness
I would have you know out of what desire
sorry depressing depressing topic
conversation I you were just talking the
other day saying that you would watch an
interview with Kevin Smith's wife right
yeah and when he was really overweight
he would wake up and before having
breakfast you know he would eat he would
candy every morning handfuls of
jellybeans was the precise quote yeah
yeah and she said it made him happy that
was his happy place yeah I guess for
people a lot of people cruel you know
like that that is if bacon is your happy
place you know dead animal flushes your
happy places if it's cocaine if it's
rain if it's murder
there are plenty but you know what I
mean it's just you know trying to
understand the motive anyway it's it's
weird you know I've been I've been
reading about the history of the civil
warning one in the 1640s and that was
really the period when some of the basic
concepts of religion and politics were
changing in England and where the idea
of the church coercing people into good
behavior was really switching over the
idea that you and I ourselves
voluntarily form churches and coerce
ourselves into a good behavior which is
very much the model of Protestantism in
the United States of America
you know partly it was very influential
on you know the colonization of an and
later government of America and someone
but that's also one of the funny things
of veganism is we're never talking about
these things in terms of actual coercion
in terms of like the equivalent of the
medieval Catholic Church forcing people
not to eat it's really just acting
asking people to live by the dictates of
their own conscience and to take some
responsibility for the consequences of
their own actions again ecologically as
well as in terms of you know whatever
you want to say
Fix animal suffering or or what have you
you know if you wouldn't slit this pigs
throat yourself yesterday we talked to
that guy the guy in the shop he was tied
with him he could never kill a fish
himself he could never go fishing
himself and even clubbed a fish on the
head or whatever he eats meat every day
yeah I I buy Carter's I would have no
problem with cutting down a cocaine what
you know cutting it down cocaine plants
oh but I don't want to use cocaine I see
nothing unethical and the growing
harvesting of the plant but there are
all these unethical things they're after
you know but yeah it's just interesting
the very idea of free association and of
people morally policing themselves in
the English language tradition really
emerged in that period in the 1640s and
of course the other thing is very funny
about it when you're reading about that
period was people were really
enthusiastic people thought like now
that we've got the Pope out of our lives
and now that we've got the episcopate
out of our lives now they've got the
bishops out of her lives with no more
bishops bossing us around now we can
really get down to business and of
course that one of the results was
Puritanism one of the results was
persecuting which is instead of a great
example sorry in the history book a
small town in England of course the
church spire was the highest point in
the town you know it's true in many
traditional villages so god it got
struck by lightning you know more often
than than you mind
so whatever got struck by lightning
they'd interpret that as a sign of God's
dissatisfaction and they'd they'd start
persecuting heretics and people of like
small extent they're a little witch on
tour whatever you want to see because
people were really enthusiastic to take
over policing their own morality at that
time and anyway look I mean Duty is a is
a kind of terrible and frightening thing
you know you read the history of almost
any culture you know China Japan Western
Europe would have any culture we have a
lot of written records for even India
and the you know the massacres and you
know abominations that a sense of duty
and honor drives people to is enough to
convince you okay maybe it's better that
we have a society it's composed of
stoned idiots who play video games you
know what I mean
it's it's pretty scary what duty and
honor based societies are like
but it is also scary to me that we now
live in a society in an era where people
are so totally fixated on their own
self-indulgence with no sense of duty
that this is what we've got to debate
and that reduce at Arianism can be
perceived as pragmatic at all you can
change the world by ordering a smaller
steak small steak and s words double
[Music]
this is a very depressing topic of
conversation click on the link below
this video and join my picture on dit
shear us the [ __ ] up
[Music]
evolution